You see, this is the daughter of the soul.
It doesn't look like a soul at all
The soul doesn't mean that his daughter is in the Los Angeles group
Are you a designer?
Why did you come to be a servant?
You haven't heard?
He plagiarized the design of the eldest lady
I was fired.
No wonder mouse children make holes
The soul is a servant, and his daughter should also be a servant
Have you two said enough?
I can say whatever I don't want to say
Can you handle it?
You dare to hit people
Why do you want a slap too?
Don't be arrogant
I'll report it to the housekeeper and let him take care of you.
You took a risk to come to Luo's house
Isn't it to clean up these two mediocre Chinese meals?
No, definitely not.
The two of them barely count as interest
Eat something
The dead cannot come back to life
Aunt Lin Hong is in Tianzhilian
I don't want to see you like this either.
I don't have a mother anymore.
What else in this world is worth my nostalgia
you
You still have me
You, Nini, you
Remember when you were a child
Did you save a little boy in the Luo warehouse?
I've been looking for you for a long time.
After finally finding you
Let me take care of you, okay?
little brother
Please help me
What exactly do you want to do?
Mom, don't worry.
I will definitely send Luo Xueqing down to accompany you.